hello to you again, the game channel
Yegor is drowning and I'm leading the gap
try the extra videos there will be no
glitches this video will make more
informational character
I want to bring to you what is coming 10
11 12 days I can not lay out they
what videos
dedicated to hot everything in the gta universe
online top 7 of what I fly out for
the boundary for this period and accordingly
I certainly won't have access to my
console them to my device using
which I soldered
here are these videos actually
the next 10 11 12 days
please do not expect video clips from me but
What I want to offer you if you have
desire to be at this time so
called leading
game channel Igor sinking if you
There is something to show people can be
same 2 hours in the gta online universe
it may be various gatherings
interesting it may be different
montages of tricks
funny moments and so on if you
There is something to share if it's all over
less quality framed
send your videos to my
contact information it will be mail box
postal and page VKontakte series
Bleach send these addresses your here these
videos there sounded desirable of course
I will post them here on these 10 11
12 days on your channel that you are from this
it turns out that you get
so let's say advertising is free for yourself then
there is and be sure to attach to your
video on my channel link to your
resource if you have it there either
there the gang is ready to be the group
in contact with
whether it's a YouTube channel , I immediately say everything
These resources should not be any
there one words should not render
crooked services do not sell anything there and
so on if you just have a gang of a group
at the meeting we are so on then of course I
everything
I will put you free to advertise
if you of course provide some
video series
actually once again on plates and desire
find 10-12 days
become the leading channel and larynx
then welcome write to me in
lichku all contact details for this
the moment i will keep in touch also
maybe during my vacation I
I will release some video but it will
again informative and many of you
ask various questions there how many
I am where I work there for something else
this kind if it interests you
you can also ask these questions below
under the video description or in my page
in contact with
dedicated to the game than gta online and if
there will be enough questions maybe i
I'll take off in the middle of my vacation somewhere
video and tell a little about yourself
regarding your questions but actually
I have nothing to do with it as usual
don't play gta online and
listen to mom with hardcore
soon everything will be soon we will install everything
I will shoot again on arrival
again to Russia well all good luck
boys and chaps carnival of snow with brothers
and the others torment from present to your
attention to a clear series about gangs america
This series is called Country Bank
the only one who translates it into
Russian is a cabstar earring that is
I therefore those who like gta those
who has his gang in gta online will
very interesting to see
series from this series pro m 13
Aryan brotherhood of fellow blood feuds
angels of hell and so on link to group
vkontakte series I will leave below to this
video come and see